[SIEMINT-69] DDS: Cisco Secure Endpoint: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#17958)
DataDog/integrations-core: cisco_secure_endpoint/README.md

## Overview

> [Cisco Secure Endpoint][1] is a single-agent solution that provides comprehensive protection, detection, response, and user access coverage to defend against threats to your endpoints. Using cutting-edge technology, it detects and neutralizes malicious activity in real-time, ensuring robust protection for your digital assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Cisco Secure Endpoint][1] is a single-agent solution that provides comprehensive protection, detection, response, and user access coverage to defend against threats to your endpoints. Cisco Secure Endpoint can detect and neutralize malicious activity in real time, ensuring robust protection of your digital assets.
```

Author: Thanks for the comment. Have made the changes.

This integration ingests the following logs:

> - Audit: Audit logs provide activities performed by user in Cisco Secure Endpoint console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Audit: Audit logs provide activities performed by a user in the Cisco Secure Endpoint console.
```

- Event: Event logs are essential for tracking security events, enabling quick detection, response, and analysis of potential threats.

> The Cisco Secure Endpoint integration provides OOTB Dashboard visualizations to gain quick insights into the Cisco Secure Endpoint's audit  and event logs, thus enabling quick and necessary actions. Also, OOTB detection rules are designed to help users monitor and respond to potential security threats effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cisco Secure Endpoint integration provides out-of-the-box dashboards so you can gain insights into the Cisco Secure Endpoint's audit and event logs, enabling quick and necessary actions. Additionally, out-of-the-box detection rules are available to help you monitor and respond to potential security threats effectively.
```

Author: Thanks for the comment. Have made the changes.

## Setup

### Configuration

#### Get API Credentials for Cisco Secure Endpoint 

--> Refer the below Steps to create Client ID and API Key:

> 1. Log in to your Cisco Secure Endpoint Console. Click on the Left side Menu Panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your Cisco Secure Endpoint Console and navigate to the Menu Panel on the left side.
```

Author: Have made the changes.

> 2. Select `Administration`, Inside that select `Organization Settings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select `Administration`, then select `Organization Settings`.
```

> 3. Click `Configure API Credentials` under `Features` section,  to generate the new API Credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click `Configure API Credentials` under the `Features` section to generate new API credentials.
```

Author: Thanks for the comment. Have made the changes.

> 4. Click on the `New API Credentials` button located at the right side under section `Legacy API Credentials (version 0 and 1)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click on the `New API Credentials` button located at the right side under the `Legacy API Credentials (version 0 and 1)` section.
```

> 5. Add the below details in the pop-up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add the following information in the pop-up modal:
```

>     - Application Name: Any preferable name
>     - Scope: Select `Read-only`
>     - Click on `Create`.
>     - Once you click on create, the redirected page will display the client ID(i.e: 3rd Party API client ID) and API Key values.
>         - NOTE: Please make a note of the API Key, as it will only be displayed once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Application Name: Any preferable name.
    - Scope: Select `Read-only`.
    - Click `Create`.
    - Once you click **Create**, the redirected page will display the client ID (like a third party API client ID) and API Key values.
        - **Note:** Make a note of the API Key, as it will only be displayed once.
```

Author: Thanks for the comment. Have made the changes.

#### Cisco Secure Endpoint DataDog Integration Configuration

Configure the Datadog endpoint to forward Cisco Secure Endpoint logs to Datadog.

1. Navigate to `Cisco Secure Endpoint`.
2. Add your Cisco Secure Endpoint credentials.

| Cisco Secure Endpoint Parameters | Description  |
| -------------------- | ------------ |

> | API Host URL                |The API Host URL for Cisco Secure Endpoint Cloud is "https://api.\<region\>.apm.cisco.com". Adjust the "region" part based on the region of the Cisco Secure Endpoint server. If Cisco Secure Endpoint is hosted on VPC(Virtual Private Cloud), directly provide the API Host URL. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API Host URL                |The API Host URL for Cisco Secure Endpoint Cloud is "https://api.\<region\>.apm.cisco.com". Adjust the "region" part based on the region of the Cisco Secure Endpoint server. If Cisco Secure Endpoint is hosted on VPC (Virtual Private Cloud), directly provide the API Host URL. |
```

> | API Host URL                |The API Host URL for Cisco Secure Endpoint Cloud is "https://api.\<region\>.apm.cisco.com". Adjust the "region" part based on the region of the Cisco Secure Endpoint server. If Cisco Secure Endpoint is hosted on VPC (Virtual Private Cloud), directly provide the API Host URL. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API Host URL                | The API Host URL for Cisco Secure Endpoint Cloud is "https://api.\<region\>.apm.cisco.com". Adjust the "region" part based on the region of the Cisco Secure Endpoint server. If Cisco Secure Endpoint is hosted on VPC (Virtual Private Cloud), directly provide the API Host URL. |
```

Author: Have made the changes.

| Client ID      | Client ID from Cisco Secure Endpoint.    |
| API Key           | API Key from Cisco Secure Endpoint.         |

> | Get Endpoint Details    | Keep it "true" to collect endpoint metadata  for Cisco Secure Endpoint Event Logs, otherwise "false". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Get Endpoint Details    | Keep it "true" to collect endpoint metadata for Cisco Secure Endpoint Event Logs, otherwise "false". |
```

Author: Thanks for the comment. Have made the changes.

> | Get Endpoint Details    | Keep it "true" to collect endpoint metadata for Cisco Secure Endpoint Event Logs, otherwise "false". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Get Endpoint Details    | Keep it "true" to collect endpoint metadata for Cisco Secure Endpoint event logs, otherwise "false". |
```

## Data Collected

### Logs

> The Cisco Secure Endpoint integration collects and forwards Cisco Secure Endpoint Audit and Event logs to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cisco Secure Endpoint integration collects and forwards Cisco Secure Endpoint audit and event logs to Datadog.
```

## Overview

[Cisco Secure Endpoint][1] is a single-agent solution that provides comprehensive protection, detection, response, and user access coverage to defend against threats to your endpoints. Cisco Secure Endpoint can detect and neutralize malicious activity in real time, ensuring robust protection of your digital assets.

This integration ingests the following logs:
- Audit: Audit logs provide activities performed by a user in the Cisco Secure Endpoint console.
- Event: Event logs are essential for tracking security events, enabling quick detection, response, and analysis of potential threats.

The Cisco Secure Endpoint integration provides out-of-the-box dashboards so you can gain insights into the Cisco Secure Endpoint's audit and event logs, enabling quick and necessary actions. Additionally, out-of-the-box detection rules are available to help you monitor and respond to potential security threats effectively.

## Setup

### Configuration

#### Get API Credentials for Cisco Secure Endpoint 

> --> Refer the below Steps to create Client ID and API Key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to create a Client ID and an API key:
```
